hi everyone my name is Maksym Villa and
I'm a creative director here at Ubisoft
Montreal you're going to get a sneak
peek at the brand new splinter cell
conviction our ambition is to redefine
the franchise by introducing innovative
gameplay mechanics the game is now
faster more fluid more spectacular more
action to make you really feel like the
ultimate predator of course all the
elements that you love are there being
smart being stealth using your gadgets
but in conviction it's all about Sam
Fisher the most lethal a lead agent in
this demo Sam is in Malta he's not
working for the government anymore he's
working for himself he's looking for the
killer of his daughter Sarah and his
investigation is going to lead him to
Android kovin an arms dealer I hope you
enjoy stay back I'm mortal who killed my
daughter this doesn't
Oh
fuck bitch is gonna come through that
girl I'm not here
who hired you to kill my daughter I
can't
I hope you enjoyed this video splinter
cell conviction make sure you check out
upendra celcom for an exclusive extended
version of this walk conviction will be
released this fall exclusively on xbox
360 and PC see you soon